1. Act as a professional full stack developer and analyze all errors, make plans to fix them then implement the plan:

2. Commit and push new local code changes except anything unnecessary 
directly into dev2 branch in my github repository:

3. Act as a professional full stack developer and analyze all errors, make plans to fix them then implement the plan:
improve Referential integrity and data consistency on this web app by doing the following:

4. Update documentation so that it reflects current codebase in the web app

5. Act as a professional full stack developer and analyze all errors, make plans to fix them then implement the plan:
how can we improve Data integrity, Referential integrity and Data Consistency on this web app

6. Update error documentation so that we can know how to fix the errors if they occur again in future

7. Create a daily report that says:
What I did today
What was completed
Challenges faced and how they were resolved

8. Initialize using AGENTS.md. Confirm you have read the project context, Clean Architecture layers, 
and the 'No Emojis' rule in any output or documentation. Please stick to the .NET Framework and Angular  (Zoneless) patterns defined there.

9. Act as a professional full stack developer and analyze all errors, make plans to fix them then implement the plan
and make sure improve Data integrity, Referential integrity and Data Consistency on this web app:

10. based on what was commited and pushed to github create a detailed report that says:
What I did today
What was completed
Challenges faced and how they were resolved

11. Act as a professional full stack developer improve Data integrity, Referential integrity and Data Consistency 
on this web app and analyze all errors, make plans to fix them then implement the plan:

12. Act as a professional full stack developer and carry out the following:

13. explain like you are explaining to a on technical personal so that its easier to understand

14. create a good prompt for me, this is what i want:

15. i dont understand, explain like your are explaining to a non technical person what you recommend

16. how long is this supposed to take?
